breakfast is not complete without a gray
hash brown and this is how you make it
it's really really simple you get
yourself a nice big pot of potatoes and
salted water okay so I'm just gonna pour
my potatoes in there it can be cold a
generous pinch of salt we cook them
until they're are about 3/4 of the way
through so it'll be about 10 to 15
minutes depending on the size of your
potato so we bring it to a rolling boil
I'm gonna grate them when they're three
quarters of the way cooked
okay still warm I'm gonna mix it with a
little bit of corn starch or corn flour
some fresh thyme leaves which I've got
over here you won't need much salt
because we're cooking it in quite
heavily salted water and that's it it's
really really a simple recipe okay I've
got some potatoes that are already
cooking you want to check that there's
sort of three quarters of the way course
so get yourself a little secure poke it
in you should still feel some resistance
you don't want them fully cooked and
these are just there so I'm gonna pull
them out you let them steam dry for just
a minute or two until they're sort of
cool after handle and then you're gonna
grate them so I've got my semi cooked
potatoes here what I've got is a box
grater and a little bit of parchment
paper so you literally just you can do
this really roughly but you can even
hear the texture see the propeller still
rather firm in the center which is what
you want because it is semi coated in my
bowl the reason I do it on this little
bit of parchment is simply because you
can just pick up the piece of paper and
take it straight over
and then you can mix just a little
flavor through so I've got some fresh
thyme leaves sprinkle those in lovely
perfume just a little bit of salt we
already put some salt in the in the
cooking liquid so you don't need too
much just a couple of tablespoons of
corn flour two or three tablespoons full
then you just sort of mix that together
and you'll see the moisture of the
potato will actually eventually take on
all of that corn flour that we put in
there right so once you have your mix
complete what you want to do is just set
it to one side
get yourself a tray you can take that
little bit of parchment paper that you
used earlier and just sort of lay that
on the bottom of your on the bottom of
your tray then you put your potatoes on
top of the paper and then you just sort
of press them into the tray you ought to
be really nice and firm now of course
the thickness of this potato will be the
thickness of your hash browns so we're
not coating it in anything it's going to
be that that thick so if you want them
nice and thick then of course you can
leave the layer a little thicker I take
one more piece of parchment on the top
and just kind of smooth it out it's that
simple you pop it into the fridge once
it's cold you can cut it into any shape
you want and then we just cook them in a
little bit of vegetable oil really
crispy and really delicious so our
potatoes are in the fridge they've been
there for about 20 minutes so they
should be nice and cool let's take a
look perfect so you just want to make
sure that they're firmed up and they are
nice and cool and then this is how you
get them out
flip it over then I'm gonna go down here
I just cut it into nice long strips you
can turn it this is why I keep it on the
parchment paper because it gives you a
good sort of remove ability I'm gonna
cut them in squares now if you want to
cut them from there into triangles you
can you know really whatever shapes you
like next you get a hot pan so I've got
a pan over here with just a little bit
of oil move that around you can use a
little butter as well so the oil of
course allows you to get it to a
slightly higher temperature and the
butter gives you that beautiful flavor
once your hash browns are golden on both
sides you can lift them up to sit them
straight onto some absorbent paper the
beautiful thing about these hash browns
is they're super crispy on the outside
but on the inside they're still
delicious and fluffy give them just a
second on the paper and then you can
pick them up and just stick them
straight onto a plate of course they're
the perfect thing to serve with some
fried eggs and bacon or grilled tomatoes
you can also serve them with a hot chili
sauce or even an apple sauce and sour
cream is so many different ways to enjoy
hashbrowns now you know how to make him
get busy